lots of charm and full of class and it
can be yours for a little cash
it's got no radio and got no frills but
open your own aluminium body ain't got
no razor barber raincoat is a must if
you drive over
it's got some dancin got some scratches
got some brackets where the roof
attaches try out and put her through her
paces get a stuck in exotic places
16 for its fall reverses will even
respond to all your curses bronze green
eight hot tub soft chopstick in the
handle and frankly row
it's a series to you with English plates
go out cruising and impress your mates
it's not a deep lawn fj40 nor is the
coffee or anything sporting takes you
anywhere you want to go through driving
all pots falling off this vehicle were
probably not needed in
lots of charm and full of class and it
can be yours for a little cash
it's got no radio and got no frills but
open appear on the dash to come
aluminium body got no rust but a barber
raincoat is a must if you drive over him
oh Dale buy this Land Rover it's for
sale